# CoviDoc - hackthecrisis

## Live solution: https://covidoc-7c58b.web.app/

### Track your daily symptoms of COVID-19.

CoviDoc helps you track your symptoms easily while connecting
you to doctors and hospitals in your area. Get advice, keep
track of the symptoms data, forecast your health condition,
and receive the right diagnostics right on COVIDoc - you will
receive the doctor's diagnosis and advice digitally in the
COVIDoc dashboard.

### How it Works?

Track your symptoms in a few steps and keep the stats of them.
It is easier than ever to add your symptoms of COVID-19 and to
help doctors discover patterns of how the illness occurs, and
inform about the status of your health in real time from your
smartphone , tablet, or a computer. Adding the data on COVIDoc
is easy.

### First, describe your symptoms

Log in to COVIDoc and click ‘’Add my symptoms’’ button. Simply
enter your symptoms on a scale from 1 to 5 and a short
description of your medical request or current status. The app
uses your data in order to create infographics, discover
specific patterns in regards to your health evolution during
the COVID-19 period and informs you in case there is a further
step to be taken, either sending a COVID-19 test, connect you
with one of the doctors available, send a GP, or connect you
with the closest hospital in your area. The appointments are
covered through your health card and you will be assigned to a
hospital/doctor accordingly based on space availability.

### Next, you will hear from a doctor

Once a doctor reviews your symptoms, depending on your answers
about current health conditions, they can assist you through
our app. If they are available, you will be contacted through
a notification that will require your personal approval to
continue in receiving the diagnostic. If the symptoms are
considered as normal, and they won’t in any case put your
current health condition in danger, or do not seem to predict
an evolution of the potential virus, then you will receive a
notification stating that everything is fine and that the
monitoring process will still be ongoing.
